[Music]
she might be an easygoing mother but f51
has successfully got her young kittens
through the worst of the winter spring
is just around the corner
[Music]
but data from f51 scholar reveals
disturbing news that doesn't make any
sense at all the email is an alert
mortality data means that f51 scholar
hasn't moved at all for 18 hours
it may just have fallen off but what's
concerning is that the GPS data shows
that f51
and m85 have crossed paths while Marc's
research has shown that mountain land
fights are rare
the signs are ominous mark heads off to
solve the mystery
[Music]
on his way he scans the snow for clues
something's going up and down here I
want to look at he or she is here they
are running across look at the size of
em 85s footprints big right here
[Music]
the trail leads mark right towards the
GPS point indicated by the caller
this is it at 51 and our family came
down this chute and they must have been
making noise kicking rocks or calling
kittens playing who knows and a maybe
five comes up right here right off his
kill and they engage for the first time
right here and it's boom it's just
covered in cat fur these cats are
actually fighting in ten years of
studying mountain lines I've seen this
once before fur everywhere look at them
they've rolled over and they've gone
downhill and there's the first sign of
blood you can see they've slid down the
hill down here let's just keep following
it down oh my gosh I think I can see
them from here ah this is exactly what
you don't want to see oh it looks bad
unbelievable
it's f51 the easygoing mother has been
killed by a bite to the head
51 how many times I've seen her in the
wild slipping around a corner it's a
huge loss for us a huge loss for the
project I'm just gonna remove the collar
and so she started a wild mountain lion
and she Linda mal what about mine
one question answered we now know what
happened to have 51
you